hello um my name is Grace and i'm here
to show you guys some hairstyles to do
with your box braids well I recently
just got my box braids done last week
and you know sometimes pretty hard to
think of new things to do a box braids
so i'm going to show you guys and last
week tutorials alright well my box
braids if you're wondering the color
just color 1b 2 30's I have so many
colors in here but let's get to the
tutorials so my favorite favorite style
to do the box braids let me show you how
to do it first I like to make a side
part with my hair side part like this
for this style you're gonna need some
pins prefer preferably larger ones so
you just do a side part or little part
whatever suits you but I like the side
part then I bring these back I take a
chunk and I just bring it back bring up
in just
then after you pin it you just take a
chunk of hair then you just hold it like
this bring this part down and then you
pin it pin where your hand is large
pinned just pin where your hand is just
like this you probably need about two to
keep it secure and then voila you got
your style this is a nice everyday look
for going out a good style probably
every single day you just wear it just
like that ok style number two let me
take out the pin and start all over ok
style number two just probably a plain
bun you take your elastic then you put
your hair you put your hair up in a bun
it can be any height ending with and you
just want to put it in a bun make it a
nice secure bond
make it nice little with your buns then
you want to take a piece of the hair and
just wrap it around just wrap it around
the bun just right I like what I like to
do is I like to count how many pins i
use for the bun so that when i take the
butt out I don't know how many pins that
I'm looking for okay yeah you just take
your coat and you just secure
then you want to just keep taking large
chunks of hair just bring it around your
bun see head over to then you want to
just take it and just me Tyrone pin
number three you see so it's a nice
little bun let me back up just a nice
little bun you can be a little messy if
you want it's good i like to wear this
for more formal occasions you know i
like it a little messy that's just my
preference if you like you can you know
do whatever you want to do with it but
yeah you just go like that just then
here's your running okay so for this are
you develop three pins k
this stylized welding is all right for
my third and last style it's basically
the same method that we used in the
first style basically you take a chunk
of hair this is how you do it take a
chunk of hair like what you did in the
first video and then you just bring it
it can be like it's not it doesn't have
to be a large chunk it can be a meeting
on the Chung just like this this much
hair you just read it then you take the
rest of your hair then you put it in a
semi high ponytail let me show you just
an earnest tonight
see so it's like a sorry I ponytail it's
not too hard and if you want you can
leave the hair out if you want then
basically you do the same thing that you
did with a second style take a chunky
just put it back like that and then what
you're going to do you're going to do
the chunk you're going to take your pin
then pin it with the Holy tail just like
that it's easy I pinned it with the
pointy toe then you're going to take the
ponytail well I mean the hair from the
trunk are you then you're going to blend
it with the hair from the pointy tail
and then you're going to wrap it around
like you did in the second video with
the bud you're just going to wrap it
around just like this just be sure to
always in it
the power you go if you want if you
don't like it too bulky and stuck out
you could always just flatten it down
you know so yeah um hopefully you guys
liked my tutorial on my styles and
hopefully use it and if I find any more
tutorials or any more hairstyles I would
definitely share what you guys so yeah
thank you so much right